docs(renault): add pack information (#35093)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/renault.markdown

All vehicles linked to the account should then get added as devices, with sensors added as linked entity.

> All feature requires at least *Pack EV Remote Control*. For device tracker it requires *Pack Smart Navigation*.

Reviewer: Not all features.
I think most sensors work regardless.
Switches/Selects/Buttons probable need remote pack....

Also packs differ by country so might need to be more generic.

Author: yes I understand. In France, without EV Remote Control you loose all API access and integration is totally broken. I've tested recently and it requires me to subscribe to this pack which is not too expensive. For the tracking I thought it was an issue in the integration. But after reviewing issue tracker I saw it requires another pack that's why I want to warn people in order to not be surprised or looking for something else.

> In some situation features may require subscription like *Pack EV Remote Control* and/or *Pack Smart Navigation*.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be worth moving this into it's own section ## Prerequisites, right above the config flow.
I would make a suggestion, but it is too far outside the change

> In some situation features may require subscription like *Pack EV Remote Control* and/or *Pack Smart Navigation*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some features may only be available if you have a subscription such as the *Pack EV Remote Control* or *Pack Smart Navigation* subscription.
```
Tiny rephrase to make it clearer that the packs are subscription names.

> In some situation features may require subscription like *Pack EV Remote Control* and/or *Pack Smart Navigation*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some situations, some of the features may require a subscription such as the *Pack EV Remote Control* and/or the *Pack Smart Navigation* subscription.
```
